hey youtube or pay me another review
ahead and said there got a little
different review for you guys now this
one is a nap it's not a game though and
it's not a cydia tweak it's called
capture as you can see right there it's
my sky balloon it's for 99 cent and it's
for all the devices iphone ipod touch
and ipad specifically the ipad 2 and if
you record videos a lot with your iphone
this is definitely the app for you now
normally when you have to record you
have to open up your camera app which
can take a while to load as you can see
right here and then you have to switch
over to your view your camcorder if it's
not already switched and then you have
to select recall it and then it's going
to start recording now that's way too
much work that's just too much work and
by that time the car already passed the
fight is already over and your little
baby girl she just took her first steps
and you missed it she even said daddy
and Mama and you missed it just because
this stupid camera took too long to open
up that's a bummer huh right now with
capture you don't have to go through all
of that gibberish and drama all you have
to do is hit that button and capture are
automatically opens up and starts
recording as you can see it
recording now sigh I turned it sideways
be sure that i can record and r720 mon
ami if you recall like this and you
upload to YouTube you have that this
same narrow vision I don't run that saw
you turn it sideways in your launch it
it's going to fill up the whole screen
and if you launch it in this mode you're
going to have that narrow video when you
upload to YouTube and when you want to
exit and save the video all you have to
do is hit the home button and it
automatically saves it to your photos
and
go in the photos you open it up and as
you can see the boat videos I just
recorded all right there that's it very
simple now I just turned it into I think
this is landscape I'm not sure don't
kill me if I make a mistake but yeah
when I turn it like this the video did
not turn but I already upload to youtube
and check and when you recall like this
it folds up the whole screen and that's
basically it this is a simple app that's
easy to use and if you record videos
it's definitely the app for you you take
a lot of videos with your iphone now
something even more interesting if you
jailbreak your idevice annually call it
a lot i just did a video couple days ago
on that's this jailbreak to a car super
slide our super slider i think it is and
as you can see as this little icon right
here now i have capture set to launch
right from when i press this button
right here so now i'm going to press it
and capture automatically opens up and
starts recording right from my
lockscreen i didn't open it up then have
to select a camera then have to press
record i just open it up and it started
recording and this is a nice convenient
little app for people that take videos a
lot it's only 99 cents if you live take
a lot of videos definitely consider
checking this out i'ma give this app a
SolidFire about a five with that being
said please rate comment subscribe have
a nice day
you